a 12-year-old girl has been killed in an
Israeli attack on NAS Hospital in KH
yunes da Abu mahen died when a shell hit
the Pediatric Ward where she and several
other children were Sheltering she had
already lost her family and her leg in a
missile attack on their house and last
month she told Al jazer about her hopes
and
dreams I hope to be a doctor to help
people now my life is changing they have
gone
we are alone now without them I was
connected to this life because I was
very much connected to my mother father
and siblings who died but I must
continue despite the fact that I will
never forget them well for children who
are born in Gaza Israel occupation and
Wars have been Relentless let's take a
look at what an average 16-year-old has
endured in their lifetime at Birth an
Israeli Land Air and sea blockade has
affected every aspect of his or her life
from food to health and
education at the age of two that child
would have lived through 23 days of
devastating air and ground attacks
nearly 1,400 Palestinians were killed
320 were children in 2012 when the child
was 5 years old they would have survived
an 8-day assault that killed more than
80 people most of them women and
children at age seven the child would
have endured a 50-day Israeli onslaught
at least
2,310 Palestinians were killed in 2014
551 were children as a young teenager he
or she would have witnessed the
aftermath of Israeli attacks that lasted
11 days 260 Palestinians were killed 67
were children and now there's another
War more Fierce more brutal and more
deadly more than
19,43 Palestinians have been killed over
7,000
729 of them are
children we have with us Abes who's the
director of the accountability program
at defense for children International
Palestine he's joining us from rala in
the occupied West Bank thank you for
time with us on Al jazer can we first
speak about the 12-year-old girl in Gaza
dun Abu mahen who now we understand has
been killed at nasad hospital uh because
of an Israeli strike after losing her
family earlier on I know your teams on
the ground were caring for her tell us
what you know happened and what your
teams are telling
you uh basically I think that dun story
summarized the ordal that all
Palestinian children pass through during
this time in Gaz the probability of
being targeting twice during just one
month or more it's
very minimum but this is what happened
with dunia at first they moved from the
northern part of GZA to hun and um after
being displaced from their home they
were targeted in the relative Place uh
the uh which resulted in the killing of
two siblings and her parents in addition
to uh lost one of her legs
uh we met nura during the uh truce and
she informed us that um what she is
dreaming about is just to have or to
install a prosthetic leg in order to be
able to uh live like normal people uh
the time that Palestinian children in
Gaza are passing through uh impose on
them in order to resize their dreams
their Ambitions in order to fit with
this
devastating reality so uh we say always
that there is no place safe place in
gizza and this is another proof that uh
there is no safe place nura was in the
uh theoretically safest place which is a
hospital that should be uh protected and
respected but
um
uh Mr Abu that D was also asking uh to
be evacuated as well that that wasn't
possible was it tell us what your teams
have told you about
that H she told us that what she is
dreaming of is just to travel abroad in
order to install a prosthetic leg and
for this war to end this is says uh or
this was her dream dreams when we met us
and we did a video where she told us
about uh what she dreams for the uh
future but
unfortunately as a result of the
continuing Israeli offenses against Gaza
she was unable to bring her dreams to I
mean as you're saying nowhere really
highlights the threat to Children than
this war on AA there are now more than
7,700 children who have been killed many
more presumably still stuck under the
rebel talk us through the threat to
their
lives I think it it doesn't affect just
the lives of children who were killed
it's it affects the future of children
who pass through this experiences and
the psychological ordeal that uh they
are under in a place that under constant
air strike tals so the psychological
wellbeing of Palestinian children who
experience this War I think it will be
uh devastating uh during and I based my
assumption on previous Wars that many
Palestinians suffer from uh
psychological problems after passing
through these wars and uh this
aggression uh is severer than previous
ones because during this aggression uh
Israel tries to cut off all the lines of
life for Gaz STP whether it's food or
water so how do organizations like yours
sir how do organizations like yours the
defense for children International in
Palestine how how challenging is it to
be able to protect the human rights of
Palestinian children as your uh
organization says that it
does uh I think I think it's a challenge
for not just theci Palestine it's a
challenge for the world because despite
all the players in order to put an end
to uh uh this aggression against
Palestinian children but Israel insisted
on continuing uh
its offensive and the problem that we
believe that there is no U enough
pressure from International Community in
order to pressure Israel to stop its
aggression against Palestinian people
among them children and the contrary
many countries are complicit in uh this
crimes that Israel uh is committing
providing it to diplom political and
financial aid all right we'll leave it
there we thank you so much for joining
us from Raman the occupied West Bank AB
thank you